Greetings and thank you for coming.
My name is Harper and I am the director of a covert government organization called the Institute as
I'm sure you are aware we are living in a time of extraordinary change change that affects nearly every
aspect of our existence the way we live the way we work.
Changes that even affect our planet.
The institute was formed with one goal in mind to solve civilizations most pressing global issues issues
that cannot be resolved through ordinary means as coding experts.
We use our skills to assist nations throughout the world but there are many threats and they have pushed
us to the breaking point.
Now we are in desperate need of new members to assist us in our mission though not just any one will
do.
We seek someone who is resourceful and quick on their feet.
Someone who is both great at problem solving and can learn new skills quickly.
Someone like you we believe you have exactly what it takes to help us with our mission.
With the right training I am certain you will become a valuable asset.
Your first task should you choose to participate would be to attend our recruitment boot camp where
you will learn to code in Python and think like a programmer.
If you pass our boot camp you will be promoted to field agent where you will be assigned to carry out
the institute's most critical missions throughout your training.
You'll be assisted by two of our best agents agents.
Anita and Allen and of course me Director Hopper agent Anita will be in touch shortly to discuss the
next steps in the recruitment process.
We are expecting big things from you recruit you and I will speak again soon but for now.
Welcome to the Institute.